Hello everyone, I am Luke, you are watching the "victory equation"
This is a program dedicated to the "team battle" mode.
We continue to have topics about commenting on the basics of this form.
Powerslide, a member of the Na`Vi team who won numerous major competitions, came to the scene to help us
Today, let’s talk about heavy tanks.
Even if you are not an expert, everyone knows that these chariots are the main body of a team.
They should be the main chariots to attack the enemy.
Some experienced players may not agree with it and propose to be a medium-sized chariot or even an expelled chariot.
We will discuss these next time. If you are inexperienced, you should not experiment with your team's battle lineup.
Therefore, three or four good heavy tanks in the team should be fine.
First of all, what do we mean by "good heavy tanks"?
Currently, there are 15 kinds of 8-level heavy tanks in the game.
So, which heavy-duty chariot is more suitable for team combat mode?
Experienced players, including Powerslide, believe that the AMX 50 100, IS-3 and T32 are good heavy tanks.
Let's see why this is.
Let’s talk about this French chariot first.
This chariot is very flexible
It is even more flexible than some medium-sized vehicles.
In addition, it can inflict 1800 damage to your opponent in 12 seconds.
It is the only one in the same class that can do this!
The disadvantage of this chariot is that it has almost no armor, and its elevation angle is the lowest among its class.
However, the scope of this chariot is far away.
IS-3 is completely different
Its field of view is only 350 meters
Although the armor of the Soviet chariot is better than the French chariot
Plus its main gun - BL-9
It can cause up to 488 damage in one shot, and only the US T34 can outperform it!
Of course, we have to mention the armor of IS-3, although the thickness of the armor is not amazing.
But its well-known arrow-shaped front armor is very effective.
Its turret armor is also one of the best in its class.
So, what kind of tank turret armor is the thickest?
T32!
In general, this chariot is quite balanced.
It has a field of view of 400 meters, a good elevation angle and a good aiming time.
The fly in the ointment is the lack of flexibility
American tanks are much slower than other tanks, but this is very important.
So what about other chariots?
From the parameter point of view, you may choose KV-5
It has the best durability, the highest damage per minute, and the armor is also very good.
And in terms of numbers, the KV-5 is faster than the IS-3.
It seems to be the perfect chariot in the dream... but this is just an illusion
In fact, its mobility is very low
Coupled with lower armor penetration, poor field of view and poor radio range, it makes it less
So in general, this chariot is not really necessary on all maps.
Another chariot that is worth mentioning when talking about team battle is T34.
Its single shot damage and armor penetration are very good
Its turret armor is second only to T32
And it has a good elevation angle
However, these are the only ones that are only a bit
Because it has a slower rate of fire and lower damage per minute
Its body armor is very weak
Its flexibility is close to T32, but a little bit worse
Another Soviet heavyweight, the KV-4, is very similar to the gold coin chariot of its class.
Excellent armor and durability, but the field of view is very poor
Due to poor flexibility and low damage per minute, you will find that this tank is less suitable for team combat mode than KV-5.
Chinese chariots are also worth mentioning
Chinese tanks are very similar to IS-3
Their durability levels are very close, but the field of view and damage per minute are better.
The flexibility of 110 and 112 is close to that of the Soviet Union. The highest speed of Chinese tanks is higher.
However, due to the low thrust, their acceleration is worse than IS-3.
Therefore, the flexibility is also poor
In addition, you can operate the turret very efficiently when driving the IS-3, which is very important for team operations.
We will no longer waste time talking about other 8 levels of heavy tanks.
To sum up, each chariot has its advantages compared to the AMX 50 100, IS-3 and T32.
But they are not omnipotent
For example, German chariot
The German cannon's cannon is very precise, but the armor flexibility is insufficient.
Of course, many people will disagree. Some people will say that these chariots are sometimes destroyed by cars that we think are not suitable for team operations.
Of course, professional players can successfully compete with any 8th-order chariot.
Some of them use these opportunities to upgrade their tanks, and some use gold coins to get extra points.
But I don't recommend that you do it at first.
Using a certain method is the formula of victory!
Therefore, the experience value is obtained through the fully upgraded chariot,
Only play the best chariots to master new tactics
Yes, when you win more and more times, you can try to choose different chariots to change the team lineup.
But first you have to learn to use the lineup recommended by experienced players to win.
I hope most people can learn some useful new knowledge.
Tell us what you want to know from us in the comments.
We will read every comment from everyone and try to satisfy everyone’s wishes.
By the way, we will discuss medium-sized vehicles in the next episode.
That's it today, we are Luke and Powerslide, remember to subscribe to our new channel to learn more!
Goodbye!